{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I\'92ve included a few things in this .zip for your use:\
\
1.  A csv of IAM access keys for your specific user on our AWS account\
2.  A quick and dirty python script to add your current public IP to the security group.  This script makes a number of assumptions:\
	A.  You\'92ve installed the AWS CLI.\
	B.  You\'92ve placed the credentials in the proper format in your AWS CLI config.  It\'92s hard-coded 	into the script (bad I know), but you can see the AWS CLI invocation in the add_security_rule 	function.  The profile assumed to be used is \'93student\'94.\
You can, of course, just use the AWS CLI command to add your IP manually, but this will speed things up a bit for you.\
\
The IP of the instance you\'92ll be using is: ec2-54-159-58-49.compute-1.amazonaws.com\
\
I\'92ve stripped down the instance, and set it up to serve only the citation material, at: \
https://ec2-54-159-58-49.compute-1.amazonaws.com/citation\
\
The instance itself is an m3.medium, with a single core cpu and 4 GB of RAM.   I\'92ve created a user for you called: m_eng_fall_2015.  This user has full sudo privileges, so you\'92ve been warned.  I\'92ll be doing bi-weekly snapshot creation of the attached EBS, so be mindful of backups if you need more granularity there.\
\
ssh will allow passwords, and your default password at this time is:  cornellmengfall2015.  \
\
Further questions?  Email:  nic.ceynowa@liicornell.org  }